CODENAME: Peace of Mind
PROJECT NAME: ???
PITCH: When an adventurer from a small medieval-fantasy town uncovers an ancient tome of eldritch lore, it infests him--and so madness spreads like a plague and in a few short weeks the entire town is turned upside down. The white mage guild desperately tries to contain the sickness, and as a last-ditch effort one mage agrees to focus all of her power on the unknowable magic inside him, restoring his mind and dispelling the book. What horrors beyond time and space await her?
INSPIRATION: Phoenix Wright & Dangan Ronpa (combatting an enemy with words and collected items), all those terrible horror games which take place in a evil hospital
MAIN GIMMICK: Fight against cosmic horrors not with brute force, but with diplomacy, sanity, and ingenuity--wage psychological warfare against his pawns and restore their minds and souls, removing his anchors from this world.
AESTHETICS: Generic medieval fantasy done in bright and clean colors, with the dark world done in gritty, noisy monochrome.
CHARACTER: Jadranka Novoselec, one of the most dedicated white mages in the guild--dedicated enough to the point where she has magically blinded herself, in order to understand the suffering that the sick go through daily. She has studied medicine from across the world, balancing it with physical martial arts and ki manipulation (as well as a marginal study of psionics); combined, there is very little that she cannot work around and heal. No-nonsense and straightforward, once she latches onto an idea she refuses to let it go, and she has no tolerance for those that would afflict grievous harm on innocents.

BASIC GAMEPLAY: The game is composed of two worlds, light world and dark world, with the dark world being the twisted world of the achor's psyche and the light world being the real world. In the light world, you go about healing people and blessing them, trying to cure them of their ailments. In the dark world, gameplay is switched up between two different segments--Research and Discourse. In Research, you investigate the anchor's mental world, his state and memories, fears, and phobias, and try to unravel the chains keeping his mind broken. In Discourse, you wield what you have learned as ammunition against the anchor's broken psyche and try to repair his sanity, while simultaneously fending off his horror-powered magics against your own mind.
What's especially notable is that running from combat is not only suggested, but at times is required to progress. Gameplay alternates constantly between "gather ammunition, fight, gather ammunition, fight, and repeat", whittling the anchor down bit by bit closer to curing him.