Run time: One hour (estimated)

Aesthetics: Split into two. 
    1: In the real world, everything is colorful and bright, black outlines with simple shading. The dark light and the night will blot this out somewhat, but it'll shine in the interiors--the hospitals, the homes, and etc.
    2: In the bleak world, colors are desaturated dramatically. Noise and film grain filter is applied to everything. Direct contrast to the bright colors and cartoony look of the real world, and easier for the enemies to blend in.

Areas:
    1: Real world (Town of Something-Or-Other, let's say it has three different areas for now--main square, White Hospital, graveyard)
        A: Main Square (Most every building is locked up, people are lying in the streets and alleyways. Occaisional madness-driven thug tries to mug you)
            I: Patient's home (Filled with a few mementos from his history, which should allow easy access into his psyche)
            II: Jadranka's home (Filled with equipment and tools which might make the mission easier, and/or ways to heal herself)
        B: White Hospital
            I: Inside (Just a very long, vertical room with beds/patients on both sides, leading up to the Intensive Care)
            II: Intensive Care (Holding the patient--this is the room where the Bleak World is accessed)
        C: Graveyard (Holds little gameplay relevance, just emphasizes how many people have died from this)

    2: Bleak world (The mind of the patient, afflicted and torn by the eldritch madness of the tome from within. Main hub with different areas branching off, and the patient's X (brain? Heart? Soul? Think of something gross!) in the center, ready to fight at any time)
        A: Dragging Walls (Mindscape area 1. Represents aboulia (via derealization), a complete listlessness and apathy towards any activity or movement. Doors are locked and can't be budged open, walls thud down randomly to block her progress. Can be treated by restoring the regular flow of dopamine, which has been hindered by the emotional distress of being personally responsible for this. Contains enemies themed after blackness and listless shadows)
        B: Purged Lands (Mindscape area 2. Represents xenophobia, the irrational or unreasoned fear of that which is perceived to be foreign or strange. The most hostile of the levels, a creature actively hunts down Jadranka and fire/traps regularly set themselves off around her. Can be treated by accessing his memories and restoring what he knows about the world and the world around it--ends with a false memory of Jadranka, which hints to her about...)
        C: Downward Spiral (Mindscape area 3. Represents Korsakoff's Syndrome, anterograde and retrograde amnesia with fabricated memories making up the gaps, along with a lack of distinction between reality and fantasy. Rehashes some previous areas combined together, with new bridges made up of strange and illogical structures between them all. Can be treated by restoring a dramatic decrease of thiamine in the brain, having been caused by the tome feeding off him for so long. Contains random objects and items, even Aeger and Jadranka herself as enemies)
    3: Library of Carnal Truth (Final room. Inside the tome itself, a long corridor marching down ever deeper in order to purge it)

Game flow:
    1: Opening cutscene
    2: Head to hospital.
    3: Learn of patient.
    4: Head inside mind.
    5: Go through Mindscape Area 1
    6: Diagnose and treat ???, mindscape area 2 is unlocked
    7: Head to patient's home to learn more about him
    8: Jumped by thugs, fight them off and then cure them
    9: Head inside mind, go through Mindscape Area 2
    10: Diagnose and treat ???, mindscape area 3 is unlocked
    11: Plague is spreading to other doctors, head to real world in order to treat them and save their lives
    12: Head inside mind, go through Mindscape Area 3
    13: Diagnose and treat ???, all chains are broken and anchor is freed
    14: Tome tries to attach itself to Jadranka
    15: Go inside tome itself in order to purge it from reality and keep the ancient elder god from walking in this world
    16: ???
    17: PROFIT